---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: TX
image: "/media/20722/tx.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 426
permalink: "/backend/tx-13045.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 13045
- Name: Transfer
- Symbol: TX
- Website: https://txproject.io/
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/tx/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p>Transfer is a new cryptocurrency that will feature a uniquely implemented and decentralized p2p anonymization feature via Proof of Stake protocol extensions. Their decentralized network aims to be a fungible and untraceable digital medium of exchange. Transactions are lightning-fast at just 60 seconds confirmation time.Their main goal is availability on all possible devices and using all kinds of Internet services. Such as email, sms, social networks.</p><p><strong>Latest Updates</strong></p><ol><li>Cross-Send was done completely custom by infernoman. (Cross-Send allows you to spend Transfercoin where Bitcoin is accepted.)</li><li><span>MAC Wallet Trading. Transfercoin is the first to do this.</span></li><li><span>Full implementation of secp256k1 for ecdsa sig&#39;s.</span></li><li><span>Dark features working based off of dash 0.12.0. (Stealth addresses, Darksend,Encrypted Messaging, Masternodes)</span></li><li><span>Staking and Masternodes in the same wallet. (If your running a masternode in your wallet) </span></li><li><span>Masternodes and Staking in an Android Wallet.</span></li></ol>

### Features
<p><strong>Stability</strong></p><p>With Transferwallet you can start using the Transfer platform immediately. Even your android device is supported.</p><p><strong>Fast transactions</strong></p><p>Every 60 sec. new block is generated. Transactions are almost instant</p><p><strong>Up to Date</strong></p><p>Transfer Block Explorer is a web tool that allows you to view information about the blocks, addresses, and transactions created by Transfer network.</p><p><strong>Full automated TOR client in wallet. </strong></p><p>Transfer utilizes the TOR network, an open-source utility trusted by millions to help protect their privacy.</p><p><strong>Stealth addresses</strong></p><p>As crypto-currencies make their way into the mainstream of the world, privacy is of an increasing concern. They aim to provide an end-to-end privacy solution </p><p><strong>Encrypted messages</strong></p><p>Encrypted messages brings an encrypted and secure messaging system to Transfer. Send messages instantly, all you need is someones Transfer address and their public key</p><p><strong>Masternodes</strong></p><p>Masternode costs 10 000 TX and earn 50% of the mining rewards.</p><p><strong>Android wallet</strong></p><p>Staking with working masternodes and encrypted messages.</p><p><strong>Made with Love</strong></p><p>Fair ditribution. TOR integration in coin, Stealth addresses, Masternodes. Staking Androind wallet with Masternodes. And more is coming.</p>

### Technology
<p><strong>Coin specifications</strong></p><p>- Hybrid POW/POS</p><p>- Algo x11</p><p>- 60 sec per block</p><p>- Difficulty adjusts every block coin maturity 80</p><p>- Min. stake age 24 hours</p><p>- POW 15 000 blocks</p><p>- POW Block reward 300 TX per block</p><p>- POS from block 1 000 to 15 000 block reward 300 TX per block</p><p>- POS From block 15 001 onward block reward 1 TX per block.</p>



## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/TX/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/TX/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

