---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: PKB
image: "/media/20694/pkb.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 529
permalink: "/backend/pkb-8764.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 8764
- Name: ParkByte
- Symbol: PKB
- Website: http://www.parkbyte.com/
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/pkb/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p>A crypto currency aiming to become the de facto method of payment for the parking industry. A SHA256 coin operating on proof of work and proof of stake with a coin cap of 25 million. </p><p>The idea of this coin is to lay the foundations to give car park operators the platform to integrate with cryptocurrencies with ease.</p><p>They see Bitcoin as the tool that is trying to revolutionize the Financial Industry and that it shouldn&#39;t stop there. There are many other industry&#39;s worldwide that could benefit from its technology.</p><p>ParkByte will be therefore specifically targeted at laying the foundations for processing parking transactions.</p><p>Currently Parking can be paid via many methods but there is not yet a crypto related method.</p>

### Features
<p>In the UK we are able to pay for parking via Companies like RingGo, they accept Credit Card, Premium SMS methods but not Crypto.</p><p>These type of companies have in the previous years been putting a lot of pressure on conventional coin and ticket machine manufacturers because their system is cost effective. Cobalt, RingGo&#39;s parent have now "securely processed over £ 1 billion" for "4,000 sites across the UK, by more than 60 local authorities, 10 railway operators and numerous private parking operators".</p><p>After having worked in the Parking Machine Manufacturing Industry for 5 years, the coin developers can see there being a huge amount of potential for this coin, its unique iOS / Android APPs and the backend processing servers.</p><p>The coin will provide basic functionality, they could then explore maybe a type of CMS marketplace where developers sell their own themes, plugins etc. for the backend server used by the parking companies.</p>

### Technology
<p>Algo: SHA256</p><p>Ticker: PKB</p><p>Block Time: 60seconds</p><p><strong>POW - ENDED</strong></p><p>Timeframe: ~27days</p><p>POW Coins: 3,688,710 PKB</p><p>20% Premine: 922,178 PKB </p><p>Premine Burn: 1,077,822 PKB</p><p>Total POW Supply: 4,610,888 PKB </p><p><strong>POS</strong></p><p>Min Stake time: 1hour</p><p>Year 1 - 5%</p><p>Year 2 - 4%</p><p>Year 3 and onwards 3%</p><p>25m Total Coin</p><p>RPC Port= 59060</p><p>P2P Port= 58060</p>



## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/PKB/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/PKB/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

