---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: XMR
image: "/media/19969/xmr.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 12
permalink: "/backend/xmr-5038.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 5038
- Name: Monero
- Symbol: XMR
- Website: http://getmonero.org/
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/xmr/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p>Monero (XMR) is a cryptonight algorithm based alternative crypto currency. The coin is based on Proof of Work and has a block reward that varies smoothly. The difficulty retargets every block with a sixty second block target. </p><p>Monero uses a Ring Signature system to protect your privacy, allowing users to make untraceable transactions.</p>

### Features
<ul><li><strong><strong>Privacy (Untraceable payments, Unlinkable transactions)<br /></strong></strong>Monero daemon uses the original CryptoNote protocol except for the initial changes (as the block time and emission speed). The protocol itself is based on ring signatures (Daniel J. Bernstein&#39;s Curve25519 + Ed25519, Schnorr signatures on a Twisted Edwards curve) and stealth addresses. The end result is passive, decentralised mixing based on heavily-tested algorithms.</li><li><strong>Decentralisation<br /></strong>The smart mining[20] forthcoming feature will allow transparent CPU mining on the user&#39;s computer, far from the de facto centralization of mining farms and pool mining, pursuing Satoshi Nakamoto&#39;s original vision of a true p2p currency.<strong><br /></strong></li><li><strong>Scalability</strong><br /><span>Monero has no hardcoded limit, which means it doesn&#39;t have a 1 MB block size limitation preventing scalability.</span></li></ul>

### Technology
<h3 id="application-to-monero">Ring Signature </h3><p>The Basics</p><p>In cryptography, a ring signature is a type of digital signature that can be performed by any member of a group of users that each have keys. Therefore, a message signed with a ring signature is endorsed by someone in a particular group of people. One of the security properties of a ring signature is that it should be computationally infeasible to determine<span> </span><em>which</em><span> </span>of the group members&#39; keys was used to produce the signature.</p><p>For instance, a ring signature could be used to provide an anonymous signature from "a high-ranking White House official", without revealing which official signed the message. Ring signatures are right for this application because the anonymity of a ring signature cannot be revoked, and because the group for a ring signature can be improvised (requires no prior setup).</p><p> </p><p><strong>Application to Monero</strong></p><p>A ring signature makes use of your<span> </span><a href="https://getmonero.org/resources/moneropedia/account.html" data-tooltip="similar in function to a bank account, contains all of your sent and received transactions">account</a><span> </span>keys and a number of public keys (also known as outputs) pulled from the<span> </span><a href="https://getmonero.org/resources/moneropedia/blockchain.html" data-tooltip="a distributed ledger of all transactions both past and present, without revealing who the funds came from or went to">blockchain</a><span> </span>using a triangular distribution method. Over the course of time, past outputs could be used multiple times to form possible signer participants. In a "ring" of possible signers, all ring members are equal and valid. There is no way an outside observer can tell which of the possible signers in a signature group belongs to your<span> </span><a href="https://getmonero.org/resources/moneropedia/account.html" data-tooltip="similar in function to a bank account, contains all of your sent and received transactions">account</a>. So, ring signatures ensure that transaction outputs are untraceable. Moreover, there are no fungibility issues with Monero given that every transaction output has plausible deniability (e.g. the network can not tell which outputs are spent or unspent).</p><p>To read how Monero gives you privacy by default (unlinkability), see<span> </span><a href="https://getmonero.org/resources/moneropedia/stealthaddress.html" data-tooltip="automatic one-time addresses for every transaction">stealth addresses</a>.</p>



## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/XMR/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/XMR/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

