---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: BLITZ
image: "/media/350612/blitz.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 443
permalink: "/backend/blitz-15879.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 15879
- Name: BlitzCoin
- Symbol: BLITZ
- Website: -
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/blitz/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p><a href="https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=848186.0" target="_blank">Blitz</a> is a decentralized crypto currency which seeks to provide real world application of blockchain technology through the tools and platform Bitalize has to offer.</p><p>Coin added by <a href="http://chopcoin.io" target="_blank">@chopcoin</a> Team</p>

### Features
<p><strong>Large Distribution &amp; Low Inflation</strong><br /><br />78.5 million ClubCoin was mined to start and these coins are being distributed to BitClub Network members. See disclaimer below. No new coins will be created using Proof-of-Work method, all new coins will be issued from the 20% yearly interest paid to holders of ClubCoin who are staking their coins. This drops in half every 2 years.<br /> <br /><br /><strong>Built-in Users = Adoption<br /></strong><br />ClubCoin was first introduced to BitClub Network members as a strategic way to distribute the coins across a global network of users. This model gives ClubCoin a unique advantage over most coins in the market as it will continue to be issued and distributed worldwide to a fast growing user base.<br /> <br /><br /><strong>Blockchain Security<br /></strong><br />ClubCoin has it&#39;s own Blockchain and distributed network of nodes that make it very secure against attacks and hard to get 51% consensus. Other digital currencies that are only Proof-of-work face issues due to their reliability on large-scale mining operations. ClubCoin also boasts a powerful Block Explorer.<br /> <br /><br /><strong>Merchant Platform<br /></strong><br />A new Merchant Platform is being built that will allow online and brick &amp; mortar businesses to accept ClubCoin risk free, within a secure and reliable environment. Since many members will be eager to use this platform we have created a very strategic way to sign up new merchants. We have big plans for ongoing development of the entire ClubCoin ecosystem.</p>

### Technology




## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/BLITZ/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/BLITZ/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

