---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: LSK
image: "/media/352246/lsk.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 18
permalink: "/backend/lsk-19745.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 19745
- Name: Lisk
- Symbol: LSK
- Website: https://lisk.io
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/lsk/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p><span>Lisk is a crypto-currency and decentralized application platform. As a crypto-currency, much like Bitcoin and other alternatives, it provides a decentralized payment system and digital money network. The network itself, operates using a highly efficient Delegated-Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) consensus model, that is secured by 101 democratically elected delegates. The Lisk decentralized application platform, it&#39;s most powerful component, allows the deployment, distribution and monetisation of decentralized applications and custom blockchains (sidechains) onto the Lisk blockchain. The inflation rate is 5 LISK per block, which gets lowered by 1 every year until it reaches a stable block reward of 1 LISK per block. </span></p><p><span>Lisk partnered with Microsoft to integrate Lisk into its Azure Blockchain as a Service (BaaS) program — meaning developers worldwide can develop, test, and deploy Lisk blockchain applications using Microsoft&#39;s Azure cloud computing platform and infrastructure.</span></p>

### Features
<p><span>The Lisk network is both decentralized and trustless. That means no single entity is in direct control. The network is secured by 101 democratically elected delegates. Whose primary responsibility is to confirm and broadcast the validity of transactions. All Lisk accounts on the network are eligible to vote for delegates registered on the Lisk blockchain. The 101 delegates with the most votes are elected with the responsibility of confirming the validity of transactions broadcast on the network. They also receive 100% of all fees collected by the network and all forging rewards.</span></p>

### Technology
<p>During the ICO 100,000,000 LISK weree goven out to ICO participants, the core team, third parties and active community members. Once the network is established with 101 delegates there will be an inflation of 5 newly created LISK with every block, these are the <a href="https://blog.lisk.io/explaining-lisk-forging-rewards-53d295066be2" target="_blank" class="gl_link text_blue">Forging Rewards</a>. Every 3,000,000 blocks (~1 year) this reward is reduced by 1 LISK, ending at 1 LISK per block where it stays like that forever.</p><p>The Forging Rewards will be equally distributed through all active (101 and higher) delegates, same as the network fees. We implemented this mechanism to create an incentive to run a delegate and secure the network. Additionally, this allows Lisk to finance itself in the future.</p><p><span>Lisk is written in JavaScript utilizing NodeJS.</span></p>



## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/LSK/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/LSK/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

