---
layout: backend_coin_intro
title: WAVES
image: "/media/350884/waves_1.png"
published: true
allow_search_engine: false
sitemap: false
enable_comment: false
sort_order: 36
permalink: "/backend/waves-20131.html"
author: Sam
---

## About

- ID: 20131
- Name: Waves
- Symbol: WAVES
- Website: https://wavesplatform.com/
- Explore: http://blankrefer.com/?https://www.cryptocompare.com/coins/waves/


## Old introduction

### Description

<p>Waves is a custom blockchain tokens platform designed for large-scale business and consumer adoption. Waves was created to make the benefits of blockchain technology accessible to ordinary businesses and end users. The platform launched in 2016 and was designed from the ground up to address the shortcomings of existing blockchain services. The result is an enterprise-ready platform that emphasises security, easy token operations (creation, transfer, exchange) and a straightforward user experience, as well as dealing with critical long-term issues such as speed and scalability.</p>

### Features
<p>Descentralized token exchange: Waves platform will facilitate fundraising, crowdfunding, and trading of<br />financial instruments on the blockchain with reduced volatility.</p><p>Custom and fiat token creation, deletion and transfer.</p><p>Asset-to-asset exchange.</p><p>Lightweight clients: Waves will provide a easy to setup light client that can run on any computer.</p>

### Technology
<p>Waves is <span>the first production system being built on top of the <strong>Scorex</strong> framework</span></p><p><strong>Extensible solution</strong>: In order to fix the <span>need</span> for a <span>mandatory </span>hard fork when creating a new type of transaction on the NXT Platform (forcing network client software updates) WAVES offers plug-ins that are not included in the core software module, but are instead installed as an extension on top of it.</p><p> </p>



## New introduction


### Description
<textarea id="meta_description" name="description"></textarea>

### Features
<textarea id="meta_features" name="features"></textarea>

### Technology
<textarea id="meta_technology" name="technology"></textarea>


## Copy to Github

<textarea id="coinsnapshotfullinfo_metadata"></textarea>

<a href="#gen" onclick="generateMetaDatJson()">Generate</a>

- **Source file**: <a href="https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/WAVES/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json">https://github.com/imsamthomas/crypto-project/edit/master/shell/_source/coins/WAVES/coinSnapshotFullInfo_MetaData.json</a>

